Adding version and encoding info for resuming (#5725)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Gateway.md

4. App sends an [Identify (opcode `2`)](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/identify) event to perform the initial handshake with the Gateway. **Read the section on [Identifying](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/identifying)**
5. Discord sends the app a [Ready (opcode `0`)](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/ready) event which indicates the handshake was successful and the connection is established. The Ready event contains a `resume_gateway_url` that the app should keep track of to determine the WebSocket URL an app should use to Resume. **Read the section on [the Ready event](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/ready-event)**
6. The connection may be dropped for a variety of reasons. Whether the app can [Resume](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/resuming) the connection or whether it must re-identify is determined by a variety of factors like the [opcode](#DOCS_TOPICS_OPCODES_AND_STATUS_CODES/gateway-gateway-opcodes) and [close code](#DOCS_TOPICS_OPCODES_AND_STATUS_CODES/gateway-gateway-close-event-codes) that it receives. **Read the section on [Disconnecting](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/disconnecting)**

> 7. If an app **can** resume/reconnect, it should open a new connection using `resume_gateway_url` with the same version & encoding, then send a [Resume (opcode `6`)](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/resume) event. If an app **cannot** resume/reconnect, it should open a new connection using the cached URL from step #1, then repeat the whole Gateway cycle. *Yipee!* **Read the section on [Resuming](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/resuming)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If an app **can** resume/reconnect, it should open a new connection using `resume_gateway_url` with the same version and encoding, then send a [Resume (opcode `6`)](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/resume) event. If an app **cannot** resume/reconnect, it should open a new connection using the cached URL from step #1, then repeat the whole Gateway cycle. *Yipee!* **Read the section on [Resuming](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/resuming)**
```

After the connection is closed, your app should open a new connection using `resume_gateway_url` rather than the URL used to initially connect, with the same query parameters from the initial [Connection](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/connecting). If your app doesn't use the `resume_gateway_url` when reconnecting, it will experience disconnects at a higher rate than normal.

Once the new connection is opened, your app should send a [Gateway Resume](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/resume) event using the `session_id` and sequence number mentioned above. When sending the event, `session_id` will have the same field name, but the last sequence number will be passed as `seq` in the data object (`d`).

When Resuming, you do not need to send an Identify event after opening the connection.

If successful, the Gateway will send the missed events in order, finishing with a [Resumed](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/resumed) event to signal event replay has finished and that all subsequent events will be new.

> info

> > When resuming with the `resume_gateway_url` you need to provide the same version and encoding again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When resuming with the `resume_gateway_url` you need to provide the same version and encoding as the initial connection.
```
